feat(msteams): adds user docs for msteams (#2055)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/msteams/index.mdx

---
title: Microsoft Teams
sidebar_order: 1
---

Microsoft Teams is a hub for teamwork in Office 365. Keep all your team's chats, meetings, files, and apps together in one place. Get alerts that let you assign, ignore, and resolve issues right in your Teams channels with the Sentry integration for Microsoft Teams. 

> This integration needs to set up only once per organization, then it is available for _all_ projects.

Reviewer: grammar nit, this seems to be missing a "be" like:

> This integration needs to **be** set up only once per organization

> This integration needs to be set up only once per organization, then it is available for _all_ projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set this integration up once per organization, then it's available for _all_ projects.
```

Reviewer 2: ^ updated with active voice instead of passive voice

## Install

> 1. Visit <https://teams.microsoft.com/l/app/5adee720-30de-4006-a342-d454317db1d4>

Reviewer: Is this what the final link will look like or will it be updated? I think it'd look cleaner if it were a clickable piece of text instead of this kinda ugly URL.

> 2. Press the "Add to Team" button and pick the Team you want for the integration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click the "Add to Team" button and pick the Team you want for the integration
```

>    ![Microsfot Teams installation modal](msteams-add-to-team.png)

Reviewer: not a big deal but Microsoft is misspelled here

> 3. You should see a welcome message in the "General" within a few seconds and click "Complete Setup

Reviewer: I think this should read something like:

You should see a welcome message in the "General" **channel**

(do they call them channels? you get what I mean)

> 3. You should see a welcome message in the "General" channel within a few seconds and click "Complete Setup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. You should see a welcome message in the "General" channel within a few seconds and click "Complete Setup"
```

   
   ![Welcome message](msteams-welcome-message.png)
   
The integration should be installed at this point.

In the next section, we'll walk you through configuring your notification settings.

## Configure

Use Microsoft Teams for [alerts](#alert-rules) regarding issues, environments, deployment, etc.

### Alert Rules

> 1. Confirm your Teams installation is configured globally for your Sentry organization by navigating to Organization Settings > **Integrations**. Click on **Configuration(s)** to go to the configuration details page.

Reviewer: for consistency, I think Organization Settings should be bold

> 1. Confirm your Teams installation is configured globally for your Sentry organization by navigating to **Organization Settings**  > **Integrations**. Click on **Configuration(s)** to go to the configuration details page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Confirm your Teams installation is configured globally for your Sentry organization by navigating to **Organization Settings > Integrations**. Click "Configuration(s)" to go to the configuration details page.
```

Reviewer 2: :) Components that are clicked go in quotations

   ![](msteams-directory-installed.png)

> 2. Select the Teams installation to configure from the list, then click **Configure**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the Teams installation to configure from the list, then click "Configure".
```

   ![](msteams-integration-detail.png)

> 3. Click **Add Alert Rule** for this project to navigate to Alert Rule settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. To navigate to Alert Rule settings, click "Add Alert Rule" for this project.
```

   ![](msteams-project-configuration.png)

>    You can also access **Alerts** from your **Project Settings**. From here, you can configure when notifications are sent to your Microsoft Team(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can also access **Alerts** from your **Project Settings**. From Project Settings, you can configure when notifications are sent to your Microsoft Team(s).
```

   You can route notifications in a few ways: to a specific channel in your Team, to multiple channels in your Team, or to multiple Teams.

> 4. Add your Teams channel as an action under **Perform these actions**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Add your Team's channel as an action under **Perform these actions**:
```

   ![](msteams-new-alert-rule.png)

   After selecting **Send a Teams notification**, specify the team, channel(s).

   ![](msteams-add-action.png)

   You can add Alert Rules routing to as many Microsoft Teams channels as you’d like.

> 5. Then once you receive a Teams notification, you can use the Resolve, Ignore, or Assign buttons to update the Issue in Sentry.

Reviewer: I'd remove "Then" here, it reads a little strangely

---
title: Microsoft Teams
sidebar_order: 1
---

Microsoft Teams is a hub for teamwork in Office 365. Keep all your team's chats, meetings, files, and apps together in one place. Get alerts that let you assign, ignore, and resolve issues right in your Teams channels with the Sentry integration for Microsoft Teams. 

Set this integration up once per organization, then it's available for _all_ projects.

## Install

1. Visit [the Microsoft Teams App Store](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/app/5adee720-30de-4006-a342-d454317db1d4)

> 2. Click the arrow to the right of "Add" to bring up the "Add to Team" button and pick the Team you want for the integration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click the arrow to the right of "Add" to bring up the "Add to Team" button and pick the Team you want for the integration.
```

   ![Microsoft Teams installation modal](msteams-add-to-team.png)
   
<Alert level="warning" title="Note">

> If you just click "Add" instead of "Add to Team", you won't get the welcome message to finish installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you click "Add" instead of "Add to Team", you won't get the welcome message to finish installation.
```

</Alert>
   

> 3. You should see a welcome message in the "General" channel within a few seconds and click "Complete Setup"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. You should see a welcome message in the "General" channel within a few seconds and click "Complete Setup".
```

   ![](msteams-welcome-message.png)
   
The integration should be installed at this point.

In the next section, we'll walk you through configuring your notification settings.

## Configure

Use Microsoft Teams for [alerts](#alert-rules) regarding issues, environments, deployment, etc.

### Alert Rules

1. Confirm your Teams installation is configured globally for your Sentry organization by navigating to **Organization Settings > Integrations**. Click "Configuration(s)" to go to the configuration details page.

   ![](msteams-directory-installed.png)

2. Select the Teams installation to configure from the list, then click "Configure".

   ![](msteams-integration-detail.png)

3. To navigate to Alert Rule settings, click "Add Alert Rule" for this project.

   ![](msteams-project-configuration.png)

>    You can also access **Alerts** from your **Project Settings**. From Project Settings, you can configure when notifications are sent to your Microsoft Team(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can also access **Alerts** from your **Project Settings**. From Project Settings, configure when notifications are sent to your Microsoft Team(s).
```
